Oh, dear.
How dare I lie to you about Master Guan?
Mr. Shen did cure Master Qin's illness
And it also solved my feng shui problem.
He is not only proficient in medicine
Feng Shui is a must.
Not learning well at a young age
But fooling around with the Qin family's dog
Du Yuanhua who wants to deceive the old man
The old man kept the Du Yuan flower to save his life
Don't think I'm dim-eyed, anyone can lie to you
Love Tainen, get out of here
My dad might as well let him try
The feng shui in this room was done by me
Don't report it.
What I said doesn't work anymore, does it?
Dad, I didn't mean that
Boy, get out of here
Otherwise, old man, I'm going to get moldy
Duan Lao, if I guessed correctly
Your back gets cold every night.
I couldn't sleep all night.
Sleeping during the day is also a nightmare
For less than an hour at a time
The thief is expensive, and you told him all these things.
But you investigated it clearly
I dare to come here and pretend to be a ghost